Hi ma,

I really wanted to solve the issue this trip.  
When I left yesterday - I thought I can turn things to normal again in 2-3 visits, which I planned in next few weeks.
When I received your call - I just stepped into room, thanked God - assuming issue solved the same moment. That "sollu ma" should have conveyed this to you.
Few days before your "sollunga pa" was more than enough to me. Longing till date if I'd hear it once. Disappointed, when I tried calling you to update my whereabout.
your line - busy and didnt hear back too!!

But your very first question was a shock. I swear on my Mom. Neenga ketta antha statement - promise a nan sollala.
I dont want to go in detail. But neenga antha moment la illa. Please check with Mama... i really didnt say that.

I also washed the plate well double checked and placed in the tray. I remember there was another plate already in tray when i kept.
Please kindly check from your side, if youre sure referring mine. 

I couldnt concentrate on my work ma. All those conversations you threw were running on my head. 
Why do you I need to face this when I really committed no mistake from my side on both the above incidents.

That divorce, senapanni, "ne kolantha pethu valaka thaguthi ila nu amma kita sollu" nu lam solliyum, 
I kept quite coz I knew you were talking from atmost anger. Had I counter argued, it'd have been a never ending story.

had you seen the parcel sent during the engagement anniversary, you might have understood, I still love you. 
Aana, I was told it was not even opened. That was token of promise, I once made to you - that you'd receive something from me on our spl days.

I went to see our old house yesterday. I wished, we were still in that house.. we could have solved talking. 
Chennai is not ours ma. Anga elaruku munnadiyum nan una epdi convince panrathu, when I feel deep in my heart you've no interest to listen to me.
I'm nothing without self-respect. Just trying to save last bits alive.

Believe it or not. Tears roll my cheek when I type this. I dont even have anyone to tell this pain. 

I'm not even sure, if you'd share your time reading this. But if you really have... These are my last few words.
I really love you Divya. Please enna vittu pogatha...

PS: Please reply / just give a call if you believe what I said above are true. Else I respect all your decision.
